Topology housekeeping updates (#54)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/component/remove.adoc

= Remove a component
:description: This section describes how to remove components from Neo4j Ops Manager.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Metrics related to a component that has been removed (either directly or indirectly) will be removed as part of the scheduled daily clean up process for metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metrics related to a component that has been removed (either directly or indirectly) is removed as part of the scheduled daily clean-up process for metrics.
```

> They will not be visible once the component has been removed but may remain in the persistence storage until the clean up process has run. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are not visible once the component has been removed but may remain in the persistence storage until the clean-up process has run. 
```

====

[[agent]]
== Agent

=== Conditions

> It is only possible to remove agents that have either never contacted the server or more time than the 'agent cleanup safe-period' has passed since the last contact. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only agents that have never contacted the server or where the `agent cleanup safe-period` has been exceeded since last contact, can be removed.
```
Provided that it is a code block you want?

[NOTE]
====

> 'agent cleanup safe-period' can be set with *topology.agent.cleanup.safe-period* aplication property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`agent cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.agent.cleanup.safe-period* application property.
```

The default value is *PT1H*.
====

=== Trigger location

Agents listing in Global Settings

> image::agents-remove-hover.png[width=800]

Reviewer: The image is tiny, even when expanded.

=== Related components that will be removed

> * *All* Instances monitored by this agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* Instances monitored by this agent.
```

> * *All* Database instances belonging to instances monitored by this agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* Database instances belonging to instances monitored by this agent.
```

> * *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances.
```

> * *Any* DBMSs that will no longer contain any instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Any* DBMSs that will no longer contain any instances.
```

[[instance]]
== Instance

=== Conditions

> It is only possible to remove instances which have been offline for longer than the 'instance cleanup safe-period'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only possible to remove instances that have been offline for longer than the 'instance cleanup safe-period'
```

[NOTE]
====

> 'instance cleanup safe-period' can be set with *topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period* aplication property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period* application property.
```

The default value is *PT1H*.
====

=== Trigger location
. Context menu for instance node in Status panel

image::status-panel-remove-instance.png[width=800]

=== Related components that will be removed

> * *All* Database instances belonging to this instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* Database instances belonging to this instance.
```

> * *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances.
```

> * *Any* DBMSs that will no longer contain any instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Any* DBMSs that will no longer contain any instances.
```

[[dbms]]
== DBMS

=== Conditions

> It is only possible to remove DBMSs if all of its instances have been offline for longer than the `instance cleanup safe-period`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only possible to remove a DBMS if all of its instances have been offline for longer than the `instance cleanup safe-period`.
```
alternatively:
It is only possible to remove DBMSs if all of their instances have been offline for longer than the `instance cleanup safe-period`.

> It is only possible to remove DBMSs if all of it's instances have been offline for longer than the 'instance cleanup safe-period'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only possible to remove DBMSs if all of its instances have been offline for longer than the `instance cleanup safe-period`.
```

[NOTE]
====

> `instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.database-instance.cleanup.safe-period* application property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the `topology.database-instance.cleanup.safe-period` application property.
```
As above

> 'instance cleanup safe-period' can be set with *topology.database-instance.cleanup.safe-period* aplication property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.database-instance.cleanup.safe-period* application property.
```

The default value is *PT1H*.
====

=== Trigger location
. Context menu for DBMS node in Status panel

image::status-panel-remove-dbms.png[width=800]

=== Related components that will be removed

> * *All* Instances belonging to this DBMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* Instances belonging to this DBMS.
```

> * *All* Database instances belonging to this DBMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* Database instances belonging to this DBMS.
```

> * *All* databases belonging to this DBMS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *All* databases belonging to this DBMS.
```

[[database-instance]]
== Database Instance

=== Conditions

> It is only possible to remove a database instance if the logical database was dropped more time ago than the 'database instance cleanup safe-period'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only possible to remove a database instance if the time passed since the logical database was dropped exceeds the `database instance cleanup safe-period`.
```

[NOTE]
====

> 'database instance cleanup safe-period' can be set with *topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period* aplication property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`database instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period* application property.
```

> `database instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the *topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period* application property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`database instance cleanup safe-period` can be set with the `topology.instance.cleanup.safe-period` application property.
```
ditto

The default value is *PT1H*.
====

=== Trigger location
. Context menu for Intance Database in Status panel

image::status-panel-show-dbs.png[width=800]

image::status-panel-remove-db-instance.png[width=800]

=== Related components that will be removed

> * *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Any* databases that will no longer have any database instances.
```
